>> Sean: And then finally,
the last core concept is plugins.
This is my favorite.
When I found out about this,
I think I truly my love deepened for
Webpack at a much more foundational level.
But first, I like talking
about it just as it's anatomy.
So what is a plugin for Webpack?
All it is is an instance.
I usually say class but
to be specific, it's just an instance.
It's a JavaScript object that has
an apply property in the prototype chain.
And it allows you to hook into
the entire Webpack life cycle of events.
And we have a bunch that are built out of
the box that are meant to be able to make
things way easier for you.
So for example, here's a plugin
here just like the source of it and
I'll kinda talk about how
what's happening here.
So just like I said, there's a object
where it's gonna create an instance
of an object that has an apply method on
the prototype chain and that apply method.
When you pass this plugin to Webpack,
and I'll show you next how to add one.
It's gonna pass itself as an instance so
that this plugin can hook
into different events.
Now, this is using the Webpack 3 API for
the plugin system, but tomorrow we'll
probably about how we can either upgrade
or how to write plugins for Webpack 4.
But the concepts are the same.
So we're plugging in to the compiler and
listening to a done event.
And that event is gonna pass us some data.
And then we're just going to have
behavior based on what that data is.
So, in this case, it looks like we're
plugging into both the done and
the failed event.
And we're writing to the stderr,
like a specific character, which is
actually a dinging noise in terminal.
So, of course, that's why this is
called BellOnBundlerErrorPlugin.
We try to be pretty verbose
about what it does.
But yeah, this is a pretty simple plugin,
from the highest level.
And so of course since it is
something that's instantiable, right?
We're gonna pass a new instance
of it into our configuration.
And so to do that we just have to require
that plugin for wherever we installed it
or maybe it's a custom plug in relative
to where it is in your source.
And just provide new and we wanted to make
it instantiable one because you should
be able to apply the same plugin multiple
times if you want to or if it's valid.
And also be able to pass
different types of arguments,
options into the plugins themselves.
So let's see here.
And then my favorite part.
Did you know 80% of the Webpack source
code is made up of these plugins.
Webpack itself is a completely
event driven architecture.
And so all of our source code is
literally all of these plugins,
and we love the architecture
cuz it let's us dog food,
not only this experience for you all, but
it allows us to pivot really quickly.
We could instantly adopt a new
feature without breaking anything.
Or we could drop a feature really easily,
and we could slowly deal with just
a deprecation and barely have to
manage it without breaking changes.
And so yeah, that was my favorite part.
I love the fact that it is built of that
exact same plugin system that you use.
And so plugins really adds
additional functionality.
You could even say plugins let you do
anything you can't do with a loader.
Loaders are only applied on
a profile basis, but with plugins,
you can access a whole bundle, right?
And so, things like UglifyJS.
You wouldn't wanna run that through a
loader because then you get less optimized
minification, right.
Because the minifier doesn't know what
other things are in the scope and
whether it's used,
it's only knowing about that file.
And so therefore plugins are great,
that's why we have UglifyJS plugin, or
even compression or whatever.
And so, you can think about it.
When you wanna interact more
with the compiler runtime,
or the event lifecycle, or
even just apply functionality at the
bundle level, plugins are the way to go.
And I was, what?